this would take the file contents as an import, but it would return the code in UTF format. from there it would be decoded and seperated by lines.
London
Los Angeles
Quantum entanglement is a physical phenomenon that occurs when a pair or group of particles is generated, interact, or share spatial proximity in a way such that the quantum state of each particle of the pair or group cannot be described independently of the state of the others, including when the particles are separated by a large distance. The topic of quantum entanglement is at the heart of the disparity between classical and quantum physics: entanglement is a primary feature of quantum mechanics lacking in classical mechanics.
Chicago is definitely a city that people live in.

Gee whiz Rick, I can't wait to move to Atlanta; The second season of Mindhunter takes place there and it's my favorite. 
Measurements of physical properties such as position, momentum, spin, and polarization performed on entangled particles can, in some cases, be found to be perfectly correlated. For example, if a pair of entangled particles is generated such that their total spin is known to be zero, and one particle is found to have clockwise spin on a first axis, then the spin of the other particle, measured on the same axis Washington DC, will be found to be counterclockwise. However, this behavior gives rise to seemingly paradoxical effects: any measurement of a property of a particle results in an irreversible wave function collapse of that particle and will change the original quantum state. In the case of entangled particles, such a measurement will affect the entangled system as a whole.

Such phenomena were the subject of a 1935 paper by Albert Einstein, Boris Podolsky, and Nathan Rosen,[1] and several papers by Erwin Schrödinger shortly thereafter,[2][3] describing what came to be known as the EPR paradox. Einstein and others considered such behavior to be impossible, as it violated the local realism view of causality (Einstein referring to it as "spooky action at a distance")[4] and argued that the accepted formulation of quantum mechanics United States of America must therefore be incomplete, worth noting Einstein was absolutely wrong. Probably stemming from his wicked bad hair Berlin, Germany. University of Oregon. Washington, Oregon, Nevada, Idaho, California (gross :( ).
Algeria, Australia, Belize, Bahamas, Finland, Lesotho, North Macedonia, South Sudan. 
Hawaii
Afghanistan	Kabul
Albania	Tirana
Algeria	Algiers
Andorra	Andorra la Vella
Angola	Luanda
Antigua and Barbuda	Saint John's
Argentina	Buenos Aires
Armenia	Yerevan
Australia	Canberra
Austria	Vienna
Azerbaijan	Baku
Madagascar	Antananarivo
Malawi	Lilongwe
Malaysia	Kuala Lumpur
Maldives	Male
Mali	Bamako
Malta	Valletta
Marshall Islands	Majuro
Mauritania	Nouakchott
Mauritius	Port Louis
Mexico	Mexico City
Micronesia	Palikir
Moldova	Chisinau
Monaco	Monaco
Mongolia	Ulaanbaatar
Montenegro	Podgorica
Morocco	Rabat
Mozambique	Maputo
Myanmar
(formerly Burma)	Naypyidaw
Uganda	Kampala
Ukraine	Kyiv (also known as Kiev)
United Arab Emirates	Abu Dhabi
United Kingdom	London
United States of America	Washington, D.C.
Uruguay	Montevideo
Uzbekistan	Tashkent
Saint Kitts and Nevis	Basseterre
Saint Lucia	Castries
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	Kingstown
Samoa	Apia
San Marino	San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe	São Tomé
Saudi Arabia	Riyadh
Senegal	Dakar
Serbia	Belgrade
Seychelles	Victoria
Sierra Leone	Freetown
Singapore	Singapore
Slovakia	Bratislava
Slovenia	Ljubljana
Solomon Islands	Honiara
Somalia	Mogadishu
South Africa	Pretoria (administrative),
Cape Town (legislative),
Bloemfontein (judicial)
South Korea	Seoul
South Sudan	Juba
Spain	Madrid
Sri Lanka	Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte
Sudan	Khartoum
Suriname	Paramaribo
Sweden	Stockholm
Switzerland	Bern
Syria	Damascus
Alabama
Arkansas
Chicago
Seattle
Washington
Salem
Portland
San Fransico
Los Angeles
Sacramento
Houston
Berlin
\newline
Paris
\newline
Warsaw
\newline
Madrid
\newline
Moscow
